user menu without authorization (#791)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

  - **externalLink** is an object which indicates that the node links to an external URL. If this parameter is defined, the **link** parameter is ignored. It has the following properties:
    - **sameWindow** defines if the external URL is opened in the current tab or in a new one. The default value for this parameter is `false`.
    - **url** is the external URL that the link leads to.

> >**NOTE:** Either authorization nor profile property are configured the profile section in the top navigation bar is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Neither authorization nor profile property are configured if the profile section in the top navigation bar is not visible.
```
